Update Authentication and authorization section in API Design Guide (#512)
camaraproject/Commonalities: documentation/CAMARA-API-Design-Guide.md

   - With HTTP/2 or HTTP/3, performance improvements can be achieved due to better optimization and multiplexing of requests.
   - If HTTP 1.1 is used, usage of _TCP persistent connections_ is RECOMMENDED to achieve comparable performance.

2. **Authentication and authorization**

   CAMARA follows the OAuth2 paradigm that separates authentication and authorization from API access.

   CAMARA uses the authentication and authorization protocols and flows as described in the released version of the [Camara Security and Interoperability Profile](https://github.com/camaraproject/IdentityAndConsentManagement/).
   

>    All authentication and authorization decisions are bundled in an Authorization Server, which ensures that CAMARA access tokens are only then issued

Reviewer: Not sure if this line is really needed here.

Author: I removed that section on onboarding

   - if the API consumer is registered through the onboarding process
   - if the API consumer is using the authorization grant/flow agreed upon during the onboarding process
   - if and after the User or API consumer sucessfully authenticated to the Authorization Server
   - if the requested Purpose and scopes were agreed upon during the onboarding process
  
   This separation of concerns simplifies the implementation of the API endpoint that, after validating the access token, can now focus on its API implementation.

   The access token is created by the API provider's Authorization Server to be consumed by the API provider's API endpoint.

   As described in [Appendix A (Normative): `info.description` template for when User identification can be from either an access token or explicit identifier](#appendix-a-normative-infodescription-template-for-when-user-identification-can-be-from-either-an-access-token-or-explicit-identifier) a three-legged access token is associated with Personal Identifiable Information (PII).

   If the access token is self-contained then the three-legged access token contains PII and the confidentiality of that PII must be protected.

>    The confidentiallity of the PII in the self-contained access token can be achieved by the API provider's authorization server encrypting 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   The confidentiality of the PII in the self-contained access token can be achieved by the API provider's authorization server encrypting 

```

   - if the requested Purpose and scopes were agreed upon during the onboarding process
  
   This separation of concerns simplifies the implementation of the API endpoint that, after validating the access token, can now focus on its API implementation.

   The access token is created by the API provider's Authorization Server to be consumed by the API provider's API endpoint.

   As described in [Appendix A (Normative): `info.description` template for when User identification can be from either an access token or explicit identifier](#appendix-a-normative-infodescription-template-for-when-user-identification-can-be-from-either-an-access-token-or-explicit-identifier) a three-legged access token is associated with Personal Identifiable Information (PII).

   If the access token is self-contained then the three-legged access token contains PII and the confidentiality of that PII must be protected.
   The confidentiallity of the PII in the self-contained access token can be achieved by the API provider's authorization server encrypting 
   the access token to the API Provider's API endpoint.

>    It is recommended that self-contained access tokens follow RFC 9068 JSON Web Token (JWT) Profile for OAuth 2.0 Access Tokens.

Reviewer 2: This RFC is not referenced in Identity and Consent Management WG, so it is weird to refer it in Commonalities whilst not reflected in any ICM documentation.

I think it should be first aligned in ICM before making any indication in Commonalities indication

Author: I removed that recommandation

   - With HTTP/2 or HTTP/3, performance improvements can be achieved due to better optimization and multiplexing of requests.
   - If HTTP 1.1 is used, usage of _TCP persistent connections_ is RECOMMENDED to achieve comparable performance.

2. **Authentication and authorization**

   CAMARA follows the OAuth2 paradigm that separates authentication and authorization from API access.

>    This separation of concerns simplifies the implementation of the API endpoint that, after validating the access token, can now focus on its API implementation.

Reviewer 3: "now" is not related to any previous mentioned time.

```suggestion
   This separation of concerns lets the API implementation focus on its own logic once the access token has been validated.
```

Reviewer 4: > ...once the access token has been validated

This may give a too simple view, as the service API may need to obtain information from the access token (like the subject).

 
```suggestion
   This separation of concerns simplifies the implementation of the API endpoint that, after validating the access token, can now focus on its API implementation and usage of authorized information from the access token.
```

>    CAMARA uses the authentication and authorization protocols and flows as described in the released version of the [Camara Security and Interoperability Profile](https://github.com/camaraproject/IdentityAndConsentManagement/).

Reviewer 3: The document has anyway 6 links which are pinned to an ICM release and need to be updated (see #702) - I suggest to keep the full link here:

```suggestion
   CAMARA uses the authentication and authorization protocols and flows as described in the released version of the [Camara Security and Interoperability Profile](https://github.com/camaraproject/IdentityAndConsentManagement/blob/r4.2/documentation/CAMARA-Security-Interoperability.md).
```

>    CAMARA uses the authentication and authorization protocols and flows as described in the released version of the [Camara Security and Interoperability Profile](https://github.com/camaraproject/IdentityAndConsentManagement/blob/r4.2/documentation/CAMARA-Security-Interoperability.md).

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
   CAMARA uses the authentication and authorization protocols and flows as described in the released version of the [CAMARA Security and Interoperability Profile](https://github.com/camaraproject/IdentityAndConsentManagement/blob/r4.2/documentation/CAMARA-Security-Interoperability.md).
```

>    The access token is created by the API provider's Authorization Server to be consumed by the API provider's API endpoint.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
   The access token is created by the API Provider's Authorization Server to be consumed by the API Provider's API endpoint.
```

>    As described in [Appendix A (Normative): `info.description` template for when User identification can be from either an access token or explicit identifier](#appendix-a-normative-infodescription-template-for-when-user-identification-can-be-from-either-an-access-token-or-explicit-identifier) a three-legged access token is associated with Personal Identifiable Information (PII).

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
   As described in [Appendix A (Normative): `info.description` template for when User identification can be from either an access token or explicit identifier](#appendix-a-normative-infodescription-template-for-when-user-identification-can-be-from-either-an-access-token-or-explicit-identifier), a three-legged access token is associated with Personally Identifiable Information (PII).
```

   If the access token is self-contained then the three-legged access token contains PII and the confidentiality of that PII must be protected.

>    The confidentiality of the PII in the self-contained access token can be achieved by the API provider's authorization server encrypting the PII to the API Provider's API endpoint.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
   The confidentiality of the PII in the self-contained access token can be achieved by the API Provider's authorization server encrypting the PII for the API Provider's API endpoint.
```

Reviewer 4: Is only the PII information encrypted or can the entire token body be encrypted?

Author: The format of the access token is completely between the AZ and the RS. OAuth2 and the OIDF protcols do not specify any format. The PR is mostly about "do not put PII in clear text into the access token" with the suggestion that any user related data could be in an encrypted sub.

In DT we fully adapted Vittorio Bertocci's (RIP) [RFC9068](https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/rfc9068) and do not allow any additional claims in the self-contained access token. We are not encrypting the whole access token because this allows the application firewall in front of the RS to validate the RFC9068 tokens.
https://github.com/camaraproject/IdentityAndConsentManagement/discussions/335

>    The confidentiality of the PII in the self-contained access token can be achieved by the API Provider's authorization server encrypting the PII for the API Provider's API endpoint.

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
   The confidentiality of the PII in a self-contained access token may be protected by, for example, the API Provider's authorization server encrypting the PII for the API Provider's API endpoint.
```

> 4. **Input parameter validation**

Reviewer 3: The source has two "4." currently ... Markdown auto-numbers, so rendering is unaffected.

```suggestion
3. **Input parameter validation**
```
